let's render the mixed numbers during a tense video a whole
we transform them
He remembered ceres
sr 1
7 3
divided
4 for 1 4 and four plus 1
now to stop
all that direction according to the transformation
multiplication by investing a scare the second fraction
jessie 5 4th obama
4 15
we do not check if there is something that we can simplify
of cases no
and multiply number with -7 by
the one named with
3 percent
we are going to pray
3 integers
divided
then the same as the previous case
the first mixed numbers three by three
nine plus 2
eleven
divided
and we live that
five strikeouts
eleven
we act together in the direction
transforming it into a multiplication
that is little and faction 11 15
we train in 5
vivid
others
here we can simplify ponce no more than once once and finally we
is then
3 for 1
4 divided
three quarters
now let's live a whole number
by oneself
dk moment was not defined
in teruel if we transform
Myth 4 for you
eight more
eleven
vigo 4
bingo more than four
divided 1
what fools of the holy ari commands the first in a
multiplication
11 4
it will now correspond
we do not have maracaibo Moscow
the marker with the so-called
so multiply
a dark
the last division does not place the whole man 13 whole
5 Sep
divided
two
in all
We transform this sign into exportable
18 plus 5
and it's a whole video game
although the whole world is divided
and this has been the same in all
2. 3
multiplied by the fraction invest is true I lived one
we have lived two
there are no elements that we can simplify
multiply 23 by one 23 and I followed by two